Feat glossary (#4)
jina-ai/docs: chapters/glossary/glossary.rst

@@ -1,75 +0,0 @@
Glossary
============

The following terminology is commonly used within the Jina framework. Jina is an active development, meaning these terms may be updated and refined regularly as new and improved features are added.

.. glossary::

    Chunk

>         Chunks are individual semantic units of a Document. This occurs within the Segmenter class of Executors. Examples of individual units would be sentences from large documents or pixel patches from an image. `For further information see the Understand Jina Recursive Document Representation guide. <https://docs.jina.ai/chapters/traversal/index.html?highlight=recursive>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Chunks are individual semantic units of a Document. This occurs within the Segmenter class of Executors. Examples of individual units would be sentences from large documents or pixel patches from an image. For further information see the `Understand Jina Recursive Document Representation guide. <https://docs.jina.ai/chapters/traversal/index.html?highlight=recursive>`_
```

Reviewer 2: What does occur?

    Client
        A Python client that connects to a remote Jina gateway.
    Container
        A Docker container image is a lightweight, standalone, executable package of software that includes everything needed to run an application: code, runtime, system tools, system libraries and settings.
    Crafter
        Crafters are a class of Executor whose purpose is to alter a Document to match a certain requirement. This could include tasks such as resizing images or reducing all text in a document to lowercase.
    Document

>         Documents are the most basic data types available within Jina. Anything you want to search for within Jina is considered a document, this could include images, sounds clips or text documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Documents are the most basic data types available within Jina. Anything you want to search for within Jina is considered a document. This could include images, sounds clips or text documents.
```

Run-on sentence. Could be shortened as so

Reviewer 2: I am not sure most basic is the right wording for such an important concept

Reviewer: Fundamental, central?

Reviewer 2: yes something in this direction

    Driver
        Drivers wrap an Executor and interprets network traffic into a format the Executor can understand. All Executors must have at least one driver. A Driver is further wrapped by a Pea.
    Embedding space

>         Embedding space is the vector space in which the data is embedded after dimensionality reduction. Depending on how the space is created, semantically similar items are put together and dissimilar items are kept far apart. Position (distance and direction) in the vector space can encode semantics in a good embedding. `reference_1 <https://link.springer.com/referenceworkentry/10.1007%2F978-0-387-73003-5_573#:~:text=Embedding%20space%20is%20the%20space,than%20of%20the%20ambient%20space.>`_

Reviewer 2: I am not sure dimensionality reduction is the right concept here.

Sometimes you index text to a vector. One can think it reduced from vector of length dictionary to a lower dimensional one, but I think it may confuse with typical dimensionality reduction techniques

>         Embedding space is the vector space in which the data is embedded after dimensionality reduction. Depending on how the space is created, semantically similar items are put together and dissimilar items are kept far apart. Position (distance and direction) in the vector space can encode semantics in a good embedding. `reference_1 <https://link.springer.com/referenceworkentry/10.1007%2F978-0-387-73003-5_573#:~:text=Embedding%20space%20is%20the%20space,than%20of%20the%20ambient%20space.>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Embedding space is the vector space in which the data is embedded after dimensionality reduction. Depending on how the space is created, semantically similar items are closer together. Position (distance and direction) in the vector space potentially encode semantics. `reference_1 <https://link.springer.com/referenceworkentry/10.1007%2F978-0-387-73003-5_573#:~:text=Embedding%20space%20is%20the%20space,than%20of%20the%20ambient%20space.>`_
```

    Encoder

>         Encoders are a class of Executor whose purpose is to take a variable-length input and output a fixed-length semantic embedding vector. This is achieved by passing the input to a pre-created language model which returns a fixed length context specific vector.

Reviewer 2: This encoder definition is very tied to nlp world.

    Evaluator

>         Evaluators are a class of Executor whose purpose is to provide advanced evaluation metrics on the performance of a search system. Distance metrics such as cosine distance and euclidean distance. As well evaluation metrics such as precision, and recall between the results and the ground truth (provided by user) can be computed.

Reviewer 3: This can be broken into two parts:
Evaluators can compute:

- Distance metrics, for instance cosine or euclidean distance

- Precision and recall of results as compared against the user-provided ground truth

Author: Is it good practice to have bullet points on a glossary?

Reviewer 4: Despite what I said in the tech writing workshop, I think glossary term should be short enough not to have bullet points.

    Executor
        Executors represent an algorithmic class within the Jina framework. Examples include Ranker classes, Evaluator classes etc.
    Flow
        A Flow is created for each high-level task in Jina, such as querying or indexing. It manages the state and context of the Pods or Peas who work together to complete this high-level task.
    Index Mode
        During Index mode, Jina performs collecting, parsing, and storing of the data to facilitate fast and accurate information retrieval.
    Indexer

>         Encoders are a class of Executor whose purpose is to save and retrieve vectors and key-value information from storage.

Reviewer 3: *Indexers are a class of Executors

    JAML

>         JAML is a Jina YAML parser that supports loading, dumping and substituting variables.

Reviewer 3: substituting `key-value` information

Author: Could you also make the suggestions on the google doc? just to make sure we all agree on the definitions?

    Jina Box
        Jina Box is a light-weight, highly customizable JavaScript-based front-end tool that enables devs to easily create front-end applications and GUIs for their end-users.
    Jina Dashboard
        Jina Dashboard is a low code environment to create, deploy, manage and monitor Jina flows. It is also tightly integrated with our Hub to create a seamless end-to-end experience with Jina.
    Jina Hub
        Jina Hub is a centralized repository that hosts key Jina executors and integrations contributed by the community or the Jina Dev team, the components (pods) or full flows (apps) are offered on an accessible, easy to use and navigate platform.
    JinaD
        JinaD stands for Jina Daemon. It is a daemon tool for running Jina on remote and distributed machines.
    Optimizer

>         Optimizer is a Jina feature that runs the given flows on multiple parameter configurations in order to find the best performing parameters.

Reviewer 2: a Jina component maybe better?
